The Observer Pattern is a kind of behavior pattern which is concerned with the assignment of responsibilities between objects.
The behavior patterns characterize complex control flows that are difficult to follow at run-time. They shift your focus away from
the flow of control to let you concentrate just on the way objects are interconnected.

This pattern works as publisher subscriber scenario in which the subscriber is directly connected to all events occuring in the publisher, 
once the subscriber unsubscribes then it no longer receives any updates. In a sense subject observer, where subject is the publisher and 
observer is subscriber.

There are four participants in the Observer pattern:
	• Subject, which is used to register observers. Objects use this interface to register as observers and also to remove themselves
	from being observers.
	
	• Observer, defines an updating interface for objects that should be notified of changes in a subject. All observers need to
	implement the Observer interface. This interface has a method update(), which gets called when the Subject’s state changes.
	
	• ConcreteSubject, stores the state of interest to ConcreteObserver objects. It sends a notification to its observers when its state
	changes. A concrete subject always implements the Subject interface. The notifyObservers() method is used to update
	all the current observers whenever the state changes.
	
	• ConcreateObserver, maintains a reference to a ConcreteSubject object and implements the Observer interface. Each observer
	registers with a concrete subject to receive updates.
	
	

All this happens dynamically without changing the existing code and not only this, suppose if, the company wants to broadcast
the commentary on emails or any other firm wants to do collaboration with this company to broadcast the commentary. All
you need to do is to create two new classes like UserEmail and ColCompany and make them observer of the subject by
implementing the Observer interface. As far as the Subject knows it’s an observer, it will provide the update.